clarify build on docs content and move doc to dag section (#5633)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-commands.md

### Checkbox commands

For every job, you have the option to select the [Generate docs on run](/docs/collaborate/set-up-doc-job) or [Run source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) checkboxes, enabling you to run the commands automatically. 

> **Job outcome Generate docs on run checkbox** &mdash; dbt Cloud executes the `dbt docs generate` command, _after_ the listed commands. If that particular run step in your job fails, the job can still succeed if all subsequent run steps are successful. Read [Build and view your docs](/docs/collaborate/set-up-doc-job) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
**Job outcome Generate docs on run checkbox** &mdash; dbt Cloud executes the `dbt docs generate` command, _after_ the listed commands. If that particular run step in your job fails, the job can still succeed if all subsequent run steps are successful. Read [Set up documentation job](/docs/collaborate/set-up-doc-job) for more info.
```
